I would have to say my typical day at my civilian job which is high performance
computing research in the academia %HESITATION has largely
evolved over the years but not too much %HESITATION generally have
technical duties like and technical duties reviewing %HESITATION code
on one project I have the GPL and I had a technical duties involving
the %HESITATION purchase and installation of a large coprocessor
in early a high performance computer and Martin Marietta of but a lot
of the day gets taken up with meetings %HESITATION probably a quarter
the date probably a quarter the day goes to sending a replying to
emails and other communications %HESITATION probably a quarter of
the day goes to working on technical issues and and organization and
then perhaps maybe a quarter the day goes to writing and their that's
something that %HESITATION has increased over my career now is the
senior person I probably spend half to three quarters of my day doing
writing of one kind or another writing reports writing valuations
writing proposals %HESITATION writing visionary papers %HESITATION
trying to get something going %HESITATION so one of things I think
I'll tell you right now if you can the do anything in academia learn
how to write and learn how to write.